Flight control is my second home.
You are all my family.
Don't worry about me.
Wait for me to return.
Here they come.
Let's give them a hand.
What are you waiting for?
Get the luggage.
Hello.
You must be Mr. Yan.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Don't.
How was the trip?
You must be tired from the long journey.
I'm fine, I'm fine.
I'll be troubling you from now on.
Not at all.
Hello, hello.
Hello, Wu Wei.
Luggage.
No, thanks. I can handle it.
I can handle it.
Don't call me teacher.
Just call me Lao Yan.
It's different here from Beijing.
We don't do that 'teacher' stuff.
In Kashgar, in Yangdaman,
there aren't so many rules
or nonsense.
From now on, I'll call you Lao Zhang,
and I'll call you Lao Wu.
Xiao Wu.
Xiao Wu is fine too.
Must be a tough trip here.
After arriving in Kashgar,
it takes another three or four hours by car to get here.
Everyone knew you were coming
and they were so happy.
In the middle of nowhere like this,
we rarely see new faces.
You two are as rare as giant pandas.
To be honest,
the environment here is much better than I imagined.
Of course.
The facilities are getting better and better.
We have everything we need.
Rest assured.
You two definitely won't suffer in your daily life.
Come on, let's talk as we walk.
I'm mainly in charge of the equipment team,
from antenna maintenance to the power distribution room.
Sometimes when we're short on hands,
I also double as logistics.
So,
feel free to come to me if you need anything.
I promise the service will be spot on.
Let's put it this way.
Our place may be small, but it's fully equipped.
Hello, Old Yan.
Our area is not large, but the responsibility is heavy.
We are the first station for China's aerospace tracking and control,
the western gate of tracking and control.
We must guard this pass well.
Yes.
Come in.
Okay, come in.
Come on.
Right here, this way.
Come in.
Come on.
Everyone, put down your work for a moment.
Let me introduce to you,
experts from Beijing.
Zhang Ziming from the Institute of Space Technology.
This is Wu Wei from the Flight Control Department.
They were specially seconded here
to help us complete
the R&D and testing of the deep space array.
Welcome.
For the development work of this part,
I will take the lead from now on.
I won't say more pleasantries.
We are only one step away from success.
So I hope
everyone will work hard together
to finish building this array.
I am just a newcomer.
I am here
to learn from all of you.
Please give me your guidance.
China Aerospace.
Everyone knows.
To improve the deep space TT&C network's
data reception capabilities
and improve the signal-to-noise ratio of signal synthesis,
we developed a system software
that integrates signal synthesis, demodulation,
and data processing.
With the needs of the mission,
our requirements for data transmission speed
and synthesis accuracy
are getting higher.
But we don't have much time.
I hope everyone can fully cooperate.
Mr. Dong.
Go ahead.
We've already read some of the rendezvous
and docking materials on the way here.
We have also made some backup plans
for the accuracy of the capture system.
We can all discuss it
together later.
That's great.
Honestly,
you two have worked so hard.
Since you arrived,
we haven't even properly hosted you.
It's fine.
We are here to solve problems.
Right.
You can host us however you want after the mission is completed.
I heard from Mr. Zhang
that the Yangrou Paomo here is pretty good.
No problem. All you can eat.
By the way,
These two workstations are prepared for you.
Let's communicate anytime if you have any questions.
Okay.
Thanks for your hard work.
How is the plan I asked you to debug?
No problem. Let's start the test.
Okay.
How is it?
Not ideal.
Be specific. What's the problem?
The sampling algorithm processing needs adjustment.
There might also be a problem with spectrum synthesis.
I don't want options.
I want judgments.
What exactly is the problem?
I'm not quite sure yet.
Then what can you be sure of?
Wu Wei,
we will be working together here for a long time.
I'll put it out there right now.
I hope you can understand
why you went to such great lengths to come here.
What exactly is it for?
If it's just because
you don't want to stay in routine monitoring
and want to come here to coast and get task experience,
then I advise you
to go back right now.
I don't keep idle hands here.
When do you want it?
That depends on when you can deliver.
Tomorrow.
I can deliver it tomorrow.
Are you sure?
I am sure.
Okay.
I believe the emergency collision avoidance plan
can completely resolve
the concerns raised by the expert just now.
Dr. Chu.
But we understand that
your country's Zhengtu-5B carrier rocket
is the heaviest
self-returning spacecraft in the last thirty years.
We highly doubt whether China
has the capability to handle space debris.
Our Zhengtu-5B carrier rocket
adopts internationally accepted practices.
Its final stage has been passivated
to ensure it will not explode in orbit.
During reentry into the atmosphere,
space debris will also be ablated and destroyed.
The risk caused to aviation activities and the ground
is extremely low.
But I also want to say that some media,
and some people on this issue...
There is clearly a double standard.
You may still remember
when the rocket debris from the International Aerospace Development Technology Company
fell onto a local farm.
Some said it was a romantic meteor shooting across the night sky,
a dazzling light show.
We are willing to work with everyone here,
as well as more countries,
to strengthen cooperation in the aerospace field,
but we firmly oppose
holding a double standard on this issue.
In fact,
since our country launched its first artificial satellite,
for over sixty years,
there has never been
a case of rocket debris hitting a person.
I think everyone here is a professional,
and we shouldn't over-exaggerate or create panic.
You seem quite free.
Are you done with the proposal?
Why is there so much?
I re-screened
all the possible problem areas.
These are basically confirmed.
Confirmed is confirmed.
There is no 'basically confirmed'.
You throw this pile of stuff at me,
expecting me to choose for you?
Got it.
I'll continue to optimize and troubleshoot.
Just say it.
I gave you these plans
to discuss them with you.
Communication is fine.
But I hope our communication
is effective.
Not you throwing all these problems at me
for me to solve.
You need to know
I'm not Chu Jiajia.
And you're not an intern.
If something goes wrong here, no one will cover for you.
Mr. Zhang,
I accept your criticism.
But there's no need to bring Jia into this.
What, am I wrong?
I'll sort out the exact plan.
I'll give it to you tonight.
Wait.
Hardware system,
algorithm delay compensation,
and plan synthesis.
Take these three back to work on.
I'll handle the rest.
I'll give you a little more time.
Can you give it to me this week?
Yes.
Okay.
Good job, Jiajia.
You are amazing, Sister Jia.
Don't pay attention to them.
After all these years,
they are still using the same trick,
bullying the few with the many,
without any progress.
You are awesome, Sister Jia.
Especially that sentence,
The internet has a memory.
That was simply great.
Thanks for your hard work, Jia.
Hello, Mr. Gu.
Jiajia.
I saw the news.
I've already reported it to the higher-ups.
They will make a corresponding statement soon.
Okay, Mr. Gu.
I will
sort out the meeting minutes and send them to you later.
By the way,
I have another meeting tomorrow.
I will communicate with them
about the deep space cooperation plan.
As for the specific details,
I'll contact you again tomorrow.
Okay.
We will also respond to the international remarks
and make corresponding statements and feedback.
Thank you for your hard work, Jiajia.
Get some rest early.
Okay, Mr. Gu.
Thanks for your hard work, Jia.
Jia, I saw the video of your speech abroad.
Let's just say,
isn't it a bit too much?
You literally took on a group of scholars
and crushed them all the way.
I suggest that before your next speech,
you buy some insurance for those foreigners.
With such a high density of knowledge,
can they handle it?
You must have stayed up late a lot for the speech, Jia.
Now use the method I taught you immediately
to stretch a bit,
so your backache won't act up again.
Even if Muxingren are tough,
you can't really
treat yourself like a spinning top every day.
I'm watching your daily step count.
I will check in and supervise you regularly.
Health supervisor Wu is now online.
Seriously, Jia,
take care of yourself. Waiting for you to come back.
Chu Jiajia, remember this.
Flight control work
isn't just about calculating orbits.
It's also about ensuring the safe operation of the spacecraft.
There's no room for luck in space missions.
This is your first return-to-zero.
Although Mr. Qin didn't blame you,
you must learn your lesson.
Lao Yan, it's me.
I want to confirm something with you.
When was our last inspection?
Are there any hardware issues?
Okay, I got it.
I might need to do an inspection.
I'll confirm with you then.
Okay.
Hello, Director Zhang.
Hello.
You aren't asleep, are you?
How is it going?
I'm almost done on my end.
Have you found out the problem?
I've tested it several times
and ruled out other causes.
I think it should be a hardware problem.
You think?
Is it or isn't it?
It should be.
What do you mean by "should be"?
Isn't it a solution synthesis problem?
No.
What about spectrum synthesis?
Does algorithm processing need adjustment?
No.
It's a hardware problem.
I'll give you another chance.
Think carefully.
Where exactly did the problem occur?
It is a hardware problem.
Think again.
Think again? What do you mean?
I'm telling you to think again.
It's a hardware problem.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Why do I feel like you're not sure?
No, I'm very sure.
I am 200% sure.
I'm very confident in my conclusion.
It's a hardware problem.
Zhang Ziming.
If you suspect me instinctively
and don't trust me, you don't have to use me.
It's meaningless for us to be like this.
I also checked it carefully myself.
The conclusion is the same as yours.
It is indeed a hardware issue.
We'll gather early tomorrow morning.
We'll go for another patrol.
Rest early tonight.
What do you mean?
Old Yan.
No, are you sure you want to wear that?
Don't you have sneakers?
No, my packages haven't arrived yet.
Can't I wear this?
It's not that you can't.
It's just that we have to walk a lot today.
I don't want to ruin your good shoes.
Why don't you wear mine?
I still have some.
No need, my shoes are quite sturdy.
Let's go.
Okay, let's go.
The readings and the circuits are fine.
Let's head to the next one.
Don't rush.
Have something to eat and drink first.
Here.
Coming.
At this time of day,
the sun is at its strongest.
It's hot,
and the road is rough.
The car can easily overheat.
Here.
I found that
although the inspection work is tiring,
it's quite interesting.
Interesting?
This is your first time,
so of course you think it's interesting.
We do the inspection on this route once a week.
This area is covered
with all kinds of base stations in different bands.
It stretches for dozens of kilometers.
Not counting the testing time,
just driving to all the inspection points
takes seven hours.
Fifty-two weeks a year for over a decade,
do you still think it's interesting?
Look what this is.
This looks like some kind of fossil.
Is this a dinosaur egg fossil?
How could a dinosaur egg be that small?
What do you know?
Many dinosaur egg fossils
were discovered here.
Ask Lao Yan if you don't believe me.
Yes.
We do have quite a few fossils here.
But the one in your hand
doesn't look like one to me.
Whatever it is,
let's take it back and study it first.
There's more here.
Mr. Yan.
It broke.
What broke?
My shoe broke.
It's an Italian brand.
Okay, stop laughing.
Do you have anything to glue it with?
This is all I can do to help you.
Alright, let's go.
We must finish the inspection today.
How is it?
Not here.
Is your foot okay?
It's fine.
Take mine if you need to.
No thanks.
I can still manage.
Yan.
We still have over ten inspection points left.
At this pace...
We definitely won't finish today.
How about this?
Let's split up.
No.
There's a rule for our outdoor inspection patrols.
We must team up in pairs.
If we separate, I'm worried
what if... Alright.
Special circumstances require special arrangements.
Let's split into two groups.
You guys handle the four on the east side.
I'll take care of the ones on the west.
No.
The workload on the west side is too heavy.
Give some to us.
It's all dirt and gravel roads over there.
It's too hard to drive.
It might be easier if I just walk.
It's settled then.
No, Zhang.
Before sunset,
we must meet up at the gathering point.
Contact me immediately if there are any problems.
Keep in touch.
Got it.
Will that work?
At the gathering point.
Okay.
Hurry up.
These are the last few inspection points.
If we still can't find the fault,
it's not a problem with the power distribution equipment.
The voltage is wrong.
The test signal feedback is all noise.
What's going on?
Where is the problem?
As expected.
The line is damaged.
This is going to be tough.
This was bitten by an animal.
What kind of animal?
A wolf.
There are wolves here?
There weren't before.
The environment has improved these past few years,
so the wolves have come back.
We won't run into one, will we?
Never mind running into wolves,
we can't even stand a sandstorm.
Come on, hurry.
Let's replace this line.
Speak of the devil, the wolves are here.
But that sound,
it seems to be coming from Lao Zhang's side.
Go get him. I can handle this.
With those worn-out shoes of his,
he couldn't run even if he met a wolf.
Okay, then hurry up.
Later,
don't forget to regroup.
At the meeting point, right?
Right, the meeting point.
Listen,
wait for us. Don't wander off.
Lao Zhang.
Lao Yan.
Why are you here? Where is Wu Wei?
I found the problem.
It's the distribution box and the wiring.
He's fixing it over there.
I just heard a wolf howl.
We heard it too.
There really are wolves.
Wolves aren't scary.
What's scary is the sandstorm.
Hurry up and pack your things. Follow me.
Let's go. Follow me.
It's locked. Anything else?
Wu Wei.
Please respond, Wu Wei.
Wu Wei, please respond.
Oh no. No signal.
Can you contact the station?
No signal.
What should we do?
We can't leave him there alone.
Don't panic.
If the station
can't reach us, they'll find a way.
Let's go meet up with him first.
Let's go.
Kashgar said
Mr. Zhang, Wu Wei, and the others went out for an inspection.
They encountered a sandstorm and lost contact.
A sandstorm?
Does Beijing know?
They probably do.
Sorry,
the number you dialed is out of service.
What happened?
It's stuck.
Come on.
Yan.
I'll push, you go.
Come on.
Yan! Zhang!
I've arrived at the assembly point.
Please reply if you copy.
Two,
three!
One, two, three!
Two, three!
This is Wu Wei.
I've arrived at the assembly point.
Where are you?
Please reply if you copy.
Zhang! Yan!
Yan,
this won't work.
You stay here and wait for rescue.
I'll go look for Wu Wei.
What for?
To get killed one by one?
I brought him here,
so I have to take him back.
I'm responsible for him.
Let me tell you, Zhang Ziming,
you have to listen to me during the inspection.
At a time like this,
we absolutely cannot separate.
Haven't you contacted Mr. Zhang and Wu Wei yet?
No.
Mr. Qin and Mr. Gu are both trying to figure out a way.
Keep us updated in the group.
Okay.
Hello, Nannan.
What's the situation?
What happened to Wu Wei?
He encountered a sandstorm while checking the lines.
He's been out of contact for two hours now.
All three of them are unreachable.
Beijing has contacted Kashgar immediately
to discuss emergency search plans.
Ying Ziqi is also trying to send them a signal.
We are also discussing if there are any other plans.
Jia, we are all waiting for news.
Don't worry.
Jia.
Communication is cut off.
No signal for phones or walkie-talkies.
We can't contact anyone.
How could this happen?
Have you contacted the rescue team?
Kashgar said they are already figuring out a way.
Jia.
Don't overthink it.
They will be fine.
Listen to me.
If there are any problems or news,
update us immediately.
Do you hear me?
Okay.
We have contacted Kashgar.
They are trying to send reinforcements.
It happened so suddenly. It's below freezing at night there,
and they don't have winter clothes.
Jiajia.
They will be fine.
If there's any update on my end,
I will let you know immediately.
Okay.
If we can't find them tonight...
The situation is not optimistic.
One, two, three.
Come on.
Get in the car.
Sorry,
the number you dialed is out of service.
Please try again later.
Wu Wei, have your coordinates changed?
We've already sent someone to find you.
Wu Wei, you must hold on.
Find a place out of the wind.
Don't get hypothermia, understand?
Jia.
I might not make it this time.
I'm afraid I'll never see you again.
There's something I want to tell you.
I've actually always liked you.
Wu Wei.
Did you forget what you said last time?
You said
in your flight path,
I've always been the most critical parameter.
But you have to come back and keep flying
for this parameter to be useful!
Wu Wei, how are you?
Wu Wei,
you must keep warm.
Let me know you're safe when you get this.
Mr. Qin.
You are quite lucky, kid.
I'm fine.
You got lucky this time.
Be more careful on future missions.
Sorry for making you worry.
I'm fine.
It doesn't matter if I worry.
You should let Chu Jiajia know.
Hurry up.
Don't worry.
She is very worried about you.
Wu Wei, you have to hold on.
Please don't fall asleep.
Don't forget what you told me last time.
You said that in your flight trajectory,
I have long been the most critical parameter.
Wu Wei.
You must come back alive.
This is an order.
Did you save it?
Keep it safe.
It almost became my memorial portrait.
I'm fine, Jia.
I'm doing great.
Don't worry or be sad.
I'm a little sad, just a little.
Then I would be sad.
After all, when I opened my eyes,
the first person I thought of was you.
You're awake.
Are you alright?
You should be glad.
You almost
lost your life in the Gobi Desert.
Drink some water.
Is your foot okay?
My foot is fine.
I'm fine too.
But my shoes are ruined.
I made a major discovery this time.
The spacecraft names and related missions in this series are fictionalized.
Xu Xu
Ying Deqian, He Qiang
Chen Bing
Zhao Qiangjun
Wu Jianguo
Xiao Bai
Li Jiaming, Liu Zhenguo, Wang Caimao, Liu Tiancheng, Liu Lan, Zhao Shufeng, Bai Yuqin, An Chengzhi
Wang Yiqi, Feng Shuaige, Tang Zixuan, Fu Jingyun, Wang Zhenglin, Qin Dehang, Zhang Haoming, Wang Zihan
Zhu Zimo, Liu Hao, Wang Jinxi, Bao Chuhan, Wu Yuze, Wang Xiu, Duan Yakun, Wang Zhenggang
Production Team
Daily Life Producer: Zhao Xuguang
Lighting Team
Gaffer
Sound Recordist
Painter
Producer
Makeup and Hair Team
Data Management: Li Peiyuan, Tong Zhenzhong
Legal Team
Equipment Support
Beijing Liushun Huihuang Film and Television Media Co., Ltd.
Beijing Chuangxiang Xinshijie Film and Television Culture Co., Ltd.
Colorist
VFX Production Company
Beijing Ziyou Xunhuan Digital Technology Co., Ltd.
VFX Supervisor: Zhang Zheng
Modeler
Beijing Moying Dongli Culture Media Co., Ltd.
Motion Graphic Designer
Compositor
Dubbing Production Team
Bian Jiang Studio
Music Production Team
Theme Song: 'Mu Xing'
Singer
Lyricist
Poster Design Team
Special Thanks
Tianjin Xingye Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.
Tianjin Jingmao Metal Products Co., Ltd.
Publicity Department of CPC Tianjin Nankai District Committee
Publicity Department of CPC Tianjin Jinghai District Committee
Jingwumen Zhonghua Wulin Park
Jizhou Cheshenjia Scenic Area
Guiding Organization
News and Publicity Center of China National Space Administration
Zhengzhou New Power Film Co., Ltd.
Horgos New Power Film and Television Culture Co., Ltd.